*** Notes about how this works ***

The 5.0.1 java2script transpiler is bimodal:

 - It can transpile using the SwingJS transpiler, which is a robust conversion of 
   Java syntax up through Java 8, with selective additional Java classes from Java 9+.
   This is the transpiler to use for all current and future SwingJS projects. It is
   VERY robust, generating JavaScript that carries out dynamic class loading EXACTLY
   as is done in Java. For a thorough discussion, see doc/Differences.txt.

 - It can also transpile using the "legacy" 4.2 transpiler code from 2015 developed
   for "legacy" (SourceForge) Jmol primarily by Zhou Renjien, but also with fixes by
   Bob Hanson. This legacy transpiling is quirky and should not be used for any 
   purpose other than transpiling the code found here in the src_4.2 folder. 
   This is automatically taken care of for you, as only that folder has 
   the .j2sjmol configuration file in it. 
   
The two transpilers are packaged together in j2s.core.x.x.x.jar. Both are Eclipse 
CompilationParticipant classes that dynamically run any time the Java code is changed. You should see this happening in the System.out output that is generated when command-line Eclipse uses java.exe (not javaw.exe).

The selection of transpilers is determined by the presence of either a .j2s configuration file (for SwingJS) or .j2sjmol configuration file (for legacy Jmol) in the the project root directory. Whichever you choose to put there, the other can be
in the source folder root. In fact - and probably only in the case of what is done here to compile the Java core classes - this project has the .j2s configuration file
in the root directory and the .j2sjmol file in the src_4.2 folder. It then supercedes
the .j2s file in the root. 

Thus, by adjusting the .classpath file to point to either src or src_4.2, you can transpile whichever code is desired. Please leave it set to src when checking in this project.

